PRIDE:
Baitfish. He's back.
Each body that I follow
leads me to another one.
Baitfish is up to something.
I-I just don't know what.
I've seen you
in this mode before.
The "nothing else matters"
look,
the not sleeping, not eating.
You withdraw.
You shut the world out.
He almost killed my daughter.
I need to find him and end this.
Should've let
Baitfish burn, Sasha.
They arrest him,
he gives them us.
He's planning a hit.
Target?
Someone in town.
Still trying to figure out who.
Where's Lasalle?
I need to get a message
to his boss.
I don't know.
You'll do.
PRIDE:
Christopher.
Chris?
You hear me?
Can you tell me what happened?
I dropped Cade off
at the bus station.
I stopped to pick up wine.
And when I came here...
I found Savannah
like...
this.
I found her like this.
What time was that?
It was about 9:00. 9:15.
I thought I could save her.
But...
She was gone.
Yeah, I stopped to get wine.
Okay. Come on.
Stay here, all right?
I'll be right back.
Okay?
Last few weeks,
that boy has drawn
every bad card in the deck.
You get anything?
We found a bloody fingerprint
on her wrist.
Pride,
it's Baitfish.
It's Paul Jenks.
That doesn't make
any sense.
Coming after me,
I understand that.
But... Christopher?
Savannah?
He made quick work of her,
Dwayne.
Single gunshot wound
to the chest.
Close range. Small caliber.
Savannah was shot here?
WADE:
No. Judging by the drops
on the floor, I'd say he dragged
her over here postmortem.
He moved her...
in front of the window?
Why the hell would he...
Get down!
(gunfire stops,
people clamoring)
* Boom, boom, boom, boom
* Bang, bang, bang, bang
* How, how, how, how
* Hey, hey
* You gotta come on.
BRODY:
Pride.
Lasalle and SWAT are searching
for the shooter's nest.
NOPD has cordoned off
a square mile.
Got eyes in the sky.
He's gone.
This was all a setup.
Got to believe he thought
through his escape route.
Everyone's
accounted for?
Two dead, both cops.
Four wounded-- on their way
to University Hospital.
Make that five.
You're bleeding.
Let's see.
Easy, easy.
Oh, that's
a deep cut.
Most likely glass.
Need some assistance here.
It's fine. I'm not leaving.
You don't have a choice.
Get it looked at right now.
Thank you, fellas.
LASALLE:
King.
Christopher.
AK-47. Found it in the empty
apartment across the street.
Second floor,
top left-hand corner.
We were sitting ducks.
I'll talk to the SWAT
team, see what they know.
Hang on.
I'm not letting this guy
get away, King.
Look at me, Christopher.
We'll get him.
What the hell happened today?
You said Baitfish was
prepping for a hit.
The hit was
on my people.
Yo. They okay?
Two cops are dead.
And Lasalle's girlfriend.
The mermaid?
Damn.
Where is he, Sonja?
Where's Baitfish?
I-I'm barely part
of the crew.
I don't know his location.
I just get texts.
Should have grabbed him
when we had the chance.
You never had that chance.
Guy's a fugitive.
Paranoid-- it's all
burner phones and code words.
I'm giving you a tail.
The hell you are.
If Baitfish spots any backup,
he's gone for good.
You put me
on this guy.
Said let Baitfish lead us to
Sasha Broussard, the syndicate.
Wrap 'em all up together.
That was the plan.
Well, the plan's changed.
The guy's a cop killer.
Which is why
I'm not letting you pull me out.
Not letting me?
Look,
you can keep track of me
on this.
GPS will tell you
where I am at all times.
Check in every two hours.
Go.
Be safe.
Pride.
Still alive, huh?
I figured I had a 50/50 shot.
Where you at, Baitfish?
I'll come by.
Give you another chance.
Not your Baitfish anymore.
Sure, you are.
Grown into a whale, didn't I?
Your partner's girlfriend,
those cops-- just a preview.
Harder you come at me,
the more bodies drop.
That's a guarantee.
How much pain
can you take, Pride?
No. Question is:
how much pain can you?
Hear me.
I will never stop
until I end you.
NOPD is expanding the radius.
Got every cop in New Orleans
looking for that bastard.
He called
a couple hours ago.
Said this thing
is far from over.
He's playing games.
Loretta.
Dwayne.
Merri, how's the arm?
Couple stitches. Good to go.
Well, I wish I could say
the same for your boy.
Savannah's father Peter.
Drove down from Alabama.
As suspected,
Savannah was killed with
a single bullet to the chest.
Contact abrasions
on the entry wound indicate...
A silencer.
Baitfish's signature.
How about the
other victims?
Come.
I have my findings
pulled up in Sebastian's lab.
Officer Jensen was shot multiple
times in the neck and head.
Officer Reeves,
on the other hand,
was shot once
in the abdomen
and by all accounts
should have survived.
Why didn't he?
The round fragmented
inside his body.
The pieces spread like cancer,
causing
massive internal bleeding.
It sounds like...
SEBASTIAN: Some kind
of hollow
That's what I thought, too,
except these rounds cut
through their Kevlar vests
like they were butter.
Never seen anything like it.
Can you run it through NIBIN?
Won't know until I put one
back together.
So stay tuned.
With help from the Federal
Marshal Service, Captain Messier
and our friends at NOPD,
we're monitoring all airports,
bus stations and train depots
in Southern Louisiana.
Also pulling Jenks' known
associates off the street.
If Jenks as much as nodded hello
to one of 'em,
they'll be in custody.
PRIDE:
Baitfish knew if he took
a shot at us,
we'd shut the city down.
Be impossible
for him to get away.
Maybe he doesn't want
to get away.
Trace on that phone call
he made you
was from a local cell tower.
You don't target
cops and stay put.
Yet he has. Why?
Councilman.
Dwayne.
Might we chat?
Automatic gunfire
in the Quarter.
Huh? Cops, federal agents
being used for
target practice.
I was there.
But thanks for the recap.
What can I do to help?
Save your sincere concern
for your press conference.
I am not putting on an act;
I'm offering a hand.
You got some kind
of angle here?
Oh, well,
if we're casting aspersions,
I could point out
that Paul Jenks
was your informant.
You created him.
And the only way
I can come close
to making this right
is by catching him.
So if you'll excuse me!
I spent the morning
with two families
that lost sons last night,
and I did not know
what to say to them.
Lasalle lost somebody here, too.
No matter what you think of me,
I love this city.
Sebastian has info
on the bullets.
Take Christopher.
All right.
Get in.
Hands on the wheel.
Act casual.
Eyes up front.
Been waiting to hear from you.
Here I am.
Gonna conversate?
Or is this just one of those
comfortable silences
between friends?
We friends?
Look, I had a pile of your
pills free and clear.
Could've taken them
and made bank,
but I think you're going
places and I want in.
Got a lot on my plate.
You'll understand
if I got trust issues.
Ever hijacked a truck?
SEBASTIAN: I've been trying
to reconstruct the bullets
that Dr. Wade pulled
from the victims.
What'd you learn?
They were shattered.
I'm talking Enterprise
at the end of
Search for Spock shattered.
Which means...?
Well, it means that
like the Enterprise
at the end of Voyage Home,
I was able to reconstruct
one of the bullets
just enough to analyze it.
But it doesn't matter, 'cause
they're never gonna get a match
in NIBIN anyway.
You want to know why?
As long as the answer doesn't
include a Star Trek reference.
Well, it won't now.
Not gonna get a hit
in NIBIN because
these are blended-metal bullets.
Composed of copper,
tungsten and brass,
they're incredibly rare
and extremely lethal.
I mean, these things
cut through steel, rock, wood.
But they shatter on impact
with human flesh.
I mean,
the metal compounds
come apart inside the body,
creating this almost
untreatable wound.
How does somebody
get ahold of this
kind of ammunition?
Well, the bullets themselves
were manufactured
by a South African
munitions firm in 2003,
but they were deemed illegal
by the Hague.
Every last round was supposed
to be seized and destroyed.
Seized by who?
The United States Navy.
PRIDE:
Blended metal bullets.
In January, the Navy seized
the contraband in an operation
in Kunar Province--
5,000 rounds.
They were transferred to Bagram
Air Base to be destroyed.
But they
weren't destroyed?
Rounds were stolen off
the base three weeks ago.
Marine guard on post
had his throat slit.
Yeah, a local warlord
is suspected.
Most likely sold the bullets
to the highest bidder.
And they somehow ended up
on the streets of New Orleans.
Yeah, I'll contact Bagram,
see if the agent
in charge of the investigation
knows how the bullets were
smuggled out of Afghanistan.
911 from Messier.
Looks like your friend
Baitfish hit again.
Victim's name
is Delvin Powell.
Up until an hour ago,
he was a driver
for Z&R trucking.
Suspects cut in front
of the driver,
opened fire with an
automatic weapon.
Bullets turned
his insides to mush.
Well, not a technical term,
but the description's apropos.
Blended-metal bullets.
That's what it looks like.
Driver didn't go down
without a fight though.
That's a lot of gun for a truck
driver. What was he hauling?
Furniture.
Baitfish should be making
a beeline to Mexico.
Instead, he tries to hijack
a furniture truck?
And I'm thinking right now
he's sorry he did.
Someone got shot.
What is it?
Sonja.
It's been over two hours,
she hasn't checked in.
You think she made contact with
Baitfish, got caught up in this?
She texted me.
They were supposed to meet.
Bring up her GPS.
We need to find her location
right now.
No signal.
I'll try again.
Don't bother.
Sonja's phone.
We've determined
blended metal bullets
killed our latest victim,
same as the two police officers.
And I've confirmed
two distinct blood types
at the crime scene: the driver,
Delvin Powell, and someone else.
I haven't identified blood
as yet, but I can tell you...
It wasn't Baitfish.
I ran DNA, no hits yet.
Were you able to indicate gender
from the blood sample?
Yes.
Blood belongs to a woman,
but I'm guessing
you already knew that.
What am I missing here?
This woman
isn't on Baitfish's crew.
Her name's Sonja Percy.
She's ATF, undercover.
Seriously
She's hurt.
She's gonna need
medical attention.
That's why I brought you
the phone.
I was wondering
if you could retrace her steps,
figure out where she was
before the truck hijacking.
Well, if we had the phone's SIM
card I could track the GPS,
but it's missing.
What do you mean it's missing?
Someone either took it out or it
got lost during the shoot-out.
Either way,
there's nothing to track.
Anything?
Nothing yet.
Hey, you look exhausted.
Let me tap in,
give you a break.
Appreciate it, Messier,
but I need something to do.
Idle mind fills
with uneasy thoughts, huh?
Yeah.
Different for you now.
Lost someone close.
You want to think
you're the same person,
but truth is...
never gonna be.
You speaking from experience?
Had a partner.
Theo Garland.
His wife was killed--
robbery gone wrong.
Addict with
an itchy trigger finger.
Theo was homicide 20 years.
Thought he could
handle the pain.
Went down a dark hole,
never came back.
Not even after
he found the killer.
Theo
Was no arrest.
Theo wasn't looking for justice.
He wanted satisfaction.
Wait a second.
What have we here?
Artifacts--
hundreds of years old
and stolen from Iraq
after the fall of Saddam.
War treasure?
I looked them up.
These beauties are called
the Tear Drops of Assyria.
Been dealt back and forth
on the black market for years.
That's why Baitfish was wanting
to hijack the truck.
One last score
before getting out of Dodge.
And are you ready for this?
Rap sheet on our dead
truck driver, Delvin Powell--
served five years in Angola
for drug
and weapons charges.
Former member of
the Broussard syndicate, right?
Yes.
And that's not all.
The company that the
truck belongs to--
Z&R hauling, owned and operated
by the Latendale Group.
Sasha Broussard.
Jenks was partners with her.
They split ways,
and now he hijacks
her truck.
King, take a look.
Three families
are grieving today,
and the killer is on the loose.
Which is why my foundation
is offering a $100,000 reward
for information leading to
the capture and arrest
of Paul Jenks.
We've set up a Web site
and a hotline, and are...
That's some move.
If she gets access to all the
tips coming into the hotline--
chance to grab Baitfish
before us.
I'll deal with Sasha.
You two,
find Sonja.
Find her now.
Damn it, no one's answering
the frickin' phone!
They all running scared.
What you need? Maybe I can help.
Only thing help me now
is Cousin Marie.
Got to get to her fast.
I'll drive you.
Every cop in the city's
already looking for me.
I don't need you bleeding
to death all over me, too.
Well, it was your idea
to rob the truck
and go all Rambo on the driver.
He wouldn't
get out of the cab.
Well, what was
in the truck?
Supposed to be my swan song.
One last score.
If I could only
get to Chalmette.
And your Cousin Marie?
Insurance policy.
Doesn't matter.
Not gonna happen.
Got a target
on my back.
Listen, darlin'...
I appreciate
everything you done.
So...
you'll have to
excuse my manners.
I'm gonna need
the keys to your car.
Dwayne.
Oh...
how are you?
Fine, Sasha. You?
I'm just relieved
that you weren't hurt.
If there's anything
I can do.
Well, you've done enough.
$100,000?
Oh, right.
You saw the
press conference.
I wanted to help.
Well, you know we appreciate it.
Oh.
Coffee?
So, what is wrong
with Jenks?
All these shootings--
it's like he's gone crazy.
Not crazy.
Desperate maybe.
But he's got a plan.
He never struck me
as the planning type.
What's he up to?
Well, best we can tell,
Jenks is looking to rob
his former business partner.
One last score
before skipping town.
So what is it?
What's he trying to steal?
Iraqi war treasure, for one.
Now I know you must be kidding.
His partner runs
in exotic circles.
Any idea who this partner is?
Some.
We both want
the same thing, Dwayne.
For Jenks to be stopped.
Stopped
Whatever works.
Excuse me.
Got to go.
Thanks for the chat.
Sonja's SIM card went
back online 30 minutes ago.
She must have slipped
it into a new phone.
Where is she?
We're not quite sure.
Last time it came on
was in the CBD.
We tried calling,
but no answer.
Then it went back off-line
again; it's been like that.
Every few minutes,
online, off, no answer.
It's back.
LASALLE:
That's right outside the door.
Paul Jenks!
Get your hands in the air!
Now!
I'm not here to fight.
I'm here to surrender.
Like some of that coffee.
Maybe the lady agent
can bring me a cup.
PRIDE:
Coffee can wait.
Your crew.
I need locations.
I'm not enough for you?
Now.
I need addresses.
Dead.
Missing.
Arrested.
Dead.
Well, dying, actually.
She was still breathing
last time I saw her.
Where was that?
I'll tell you...
if you give me a cup of coffee.
Black, two sugars.
This isn't a game.
You got no leverage here.
Okay, if you say so.
Pumping station
about two miles south
of the truck we tried to take.
Leads to the levee. She's there.
Lasalle?
Let's go.
Not sure why you care so much
about the girl.
It's me you want.
Wipe the smile off your face.
You got a lot to answer for,
Baitfish.
Well, I told you,
I'm not your Baitfish anymore.
You see that now, right, Dwayne?
I deserve respect.
I have a name.
Why don't you say it?
That why you went after
my people?
Respect?
Had to show you, Dwayne.
Mess with the bull...
get the horns.
And yet,
here you are
in my interrogation room.
By choice.
You're not my only enemy.
Your partner Sasha
is looking to take you out.
My ex-partner. She turned on me.
'Cause you tried to kill her.
Then you started robbing
from her.
Bitch used me,
so I used her back.
You're small-time, Baitfish.
Always have been,
always will be.
I'm gonna give 'em Sasha,
hook, line and sinker.
You have my attention.
Start talking.
Sorry.
Not until my lawyer gets here.
Karen Izzo.
Izzo?
Hmm.
From the U.S. Attorney?
She's on her way right now.
Called her...
right from your doorstep.
We already made a deal.
Now...
about that coffee?
Sonja!
Sonja Percy?!
SONJA:
Over here.
Lasalle.
Down there.
I'll call an ambulance.
You're okay.
Never better.
Put your SIM card
in Jenks's phone
so you could warn us
of his location.
You're welcome.
He surrendered.
Surrendered?
Last I heard, he was
on his way to Chalmette.
What's in Chalmette?
Cousin Marie supposedly.
Ambulance is
on the way.
The job's over, Percy.
All right, it's time
for you to come in.
Lasalle...
I'm sorry about the mermaid.
Paul Jenks has offered
his testimony
in exchange for a deal.
He's got at least
ten bodies on him.
Including two
police officers.
What he's offering is too good.
Sasha Broussard.
Says he has a working knowledge
of her entire organization.
Drug-trafficking,
gun-running, extortion.
He doing any time
under this deal?
Five years.
Oh.
And then WITSEC.
He receives relocation,
a new identity?
He's the biggest witness
we've had since Sammy the Bull.
He can link Sasha
to boldface names.
Politicians,
institutional corruption.
Hey, how about...
What if I can
make the same case?
Give you everything Jenks has
to take down the big names.
You can do that?
With time.
One thing I don't have.
HAMILTON: Must be something
we can work out.
It's not
a negotiation, Doug.
No. No negotiation, Karen.
No negotiation. It's just
a private conversation.
Two friends.
Or we could discuss it
on the 5:00 news
when I go public
with the families
of two murdered cops and ask why
U.S. Attorney is standing
in the way of due process.
This deal is getting signed
first thing tomorrow morning.
You've got until then.
Yeah.
Well, you said you needed help,
and you just got some.
Y'all can thank me later.
LASALLE:
King.
Sonja's in the
ICU-- stable.
Okay. We need to focus now.
We only got 12 hours
to make the case against Sasha,
without Jenks' cooperation,
or he makes the deal
of a lifetime.
Maybe Cousin Marie
can help.
Who's that?
It's from Sonja.
It's the last person
Jenks wanted to see
before he turned
himself in.
BRODY:
Lasalle.
Someone's here to see you.
PETE:
From Savannah.
I found it in her things.
I-I think she meant
to give it to you.
That's why I came down here.
But now I know this--
that you're letting him off?
What do you want me to do?
Get justice for my little girl.
You think Cousin Marie
connects Baitfish to Sasha.
Hoping it does.
But in the 20 years
I've known Baitfish,
I've never once
heard of anyone...
named Marie.
Maybe an
No, no. No associates.
Broussards.
Jenks worked for them,
one way or another, for years.
Everything he's got,
they either gave him
or he stole from them.
We've looked
into every Broussard.
There's no Marie.
Hang on.
There is a Marie, Brody.
Married name was Thibodeaux.
She died... 1967.
But if she's dead...
Every family has their own way
of honoring their loved ones.
Some do it by naming babies.
The Broussards honor their dead
by naming boats.
First time I arrested
Baitfish, he was hiding out
in a shrimp trawler.
Cousin Marie.
BRODY: Harbor Master says boat's
been unattended for months.
I'll check the back.
Right.
Hey, Brody!
Come take a look at this!
BRODY:
Blended metal rounds.
Yeah, thousands of them.
That's not all.
Special bullets
from Afghanistan,
war treasures from Iraq,
and all this money from...
Wherever the hell.
Got to be at least 30 million
on that boat.
Yeah, well, the question is:
how is it all connected?
I'm gonna take these
bills to Sebastian,
see what he can
scare up.
All right.
The bills are counterfeit,
known as supernotes.
Nearly flawless.
Same color-shifting ink
as genuine American currency,
but images are finer than
any notes produced in the US.
They weren't made here?
Sadly, no. There was a time
when we manufactured
the greatest goods in the world.
Now we can't even make
our own fake money?
Thanks.
All of this contraband
was smuggled into the country
and then stolen by Jenks.
Whoever smuggled it in
needed access to the port.
We know who
smuggled it: Sasha.
Not just access, infrastructure.
A system to move the contraband.
Ships, trucks, bribes.
Look, Sasha Broussard
owns the trucking company
that Baitfish robbed.
We know, Chris.
We can tie her
to the truck
and the war treasure.
But there's more.
Sasha has a position
in a logistics firm
that handles the loading
and unloading of ships,
not just in New
Orleans but worldwide.
And her firm
subcontracts with the Navy.
Sasha's using Navy containers?
Then this isn't about
a single illicit transaction.
It's... about hundreds of 'em,
thousands,
coming through our port.
Open the spigot and let it all
come pouring into the country.
That's what Baitfish
is offering the U.S. Attorney.
And that's what
we can't prove yet.
Time's up.
What the hell are we doing here?
SASHA: ...continues to raise
awareness around this city.
And in this last quarter,
we raised $10 million,
so congratulations...
Step away from
the table.
I'm in the middle of a meeting.
In five minutes,
Paul Jenks is gonna sign a deal.
If you'll excuse me
for just a minute.
Are you here
to thank me?
Here to arrest you.
Or you can turn yourself in.
I know, Sasha.
About the port, the trucks,
the shipping company.
I'm a businesswoman.
Yeah.
Your business
is using Navy resources
to make the port
into a Hellmouth.
I don't even know
what that means.
But Paul Jenks does.
And he's laying it all out
to the U.S. Attorney.
Your whole operation.
In return, he walks.
He'll bury you.
Turn yourself in.
If you plead guilty,
Jenks's deal is dead.
He'll get life.
He'll take the heat
for all the murders,
and I'll work
with the U.S. Attorney
to get you
a reasonable sentence.
Dwayne...
...I really have no idea
what you're talking about.
You are making a mistake.
We already have Baitfish, Sasha.
We got him, we got you.
Do you?
Time's up, Special Agents.
Jenks is in my custody now.
I'm sorry.
Meet you back
at the Federal Building.
We're coming
with you.
It's not gonna change my answer.
Won't stop us from trying.
Let's go.
King, you there?
Sasha didn't take the deal.
Not gonna let
this happen.
I'm not letting Baitfish
get away with this.
We're fighting this, Chris,
I promise.
Get down!
Chris.
Brody.
You there?
999. Shots fired
on the corner of St. Joseph
and Market Street.
All four gunmen down.
Marshals okay?
I think so.
But Jenks is
in the wind.
Lasalle!
Damn it.
Brody.
BRODY :
Four gunmen down.
Baitfish is loose.
He's in the warehouse.
Lasalle gave chase.
Lasalle's in here.
NOPD's sending backup.
Messier's got
the wounded marshals.
They were trying to kill me.
You see that?
I'll come in peacefully.
Pick it up.
What?
Your weapon.
Pick it up.
I'm not resisting, friend.
I'm not your friend.
What, you gonna shoot me?
An unarmed man?
I'm giving you a chance
to defend yourself,
which is more than
what you gave her.
Your girlfriend, right?
Wasn't personal, you know.
Pick... up... your gun.
Now! Pick it up!
PRIDE:
Christopher.
What are you doing?
What needs to be done, King.
I know how you feel.
I've wanted this bastard
for 20 years.
He doesn't deserve a new start.
You're right.
He doesn't.
And Savannah didn't
deserve to die.
But here we are.
He's gonna pay.
Right here.
Right now.
Okay. Shoot him.
And then what?
Pain isn't going away.
And you'll be left
with something else,
something way worse inside you.
Savannah deserves justice,
not vengeance.
Made the right choice.
Could easily
reconsider.
Sasha-- she's
out of control.
That's why I had to split ways.
We know she's been flooding
the ports with contraband.
You think that's
what this is about?
Contraband?
That don't even
scratch the surface.
There's a storm coming,
likes of which you never seen.
Gonna hit you Navy folks
where you live.
What are you talking about?
Tell me.
All right, hoss.
Just as soon as I sign
them agreement papers.
BRODY:
Over there!
Shooter's heading out.
Cut him off!
Well...
to what do I owe
the pleasure, Dwayne?
Paul Jenks.
Was murdered two days ago.
Don't look at me.
I was here.
Before he was killed,
he said something
about a storm coming in,
bigger than anything
this city's seen before.
Even if I was
whatever it is
you think I am,
I wouldn't know specifics.
Sasha, come on.
Gonna miss our conversations.
I really have
always liked you,
but at this point in time,
you'll have to speak
to my attorney.
We're done in here.
If something bad's about
to happen to my city...
...you need to tell me.
This is New Orleans, Dwayne.
Something bad's
always happening.
BRODY: You sure you're okay
to do this?
That which does
not kill me.
Plus, with Lasalle at
the mermaid's funeral,
you could use
a wingman.
PETTY OFFICER:
Good morning.
So, you want to see everything
that's come in in the last week.
Yes, we do.
65 acres here.
Another 35 across the river.
Well, where do you want
to start?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org